# SEP ServiceThe purpose of the SEP microservice is to receive data from the SOLO system and put that data into Microsoft Dynamics## DevelopmentThis service is a Dotnet Core 3.1 application written using the Web SDK.  As such you can use an IDE such as Visual Studio or VS Code to edit the files.  ## TestingThis section describes concepts and tools necessary for testing the service.### CurlCurl is a command line tool for sending HTTP requests.  The website for Curl is https://curl.haxx.se### AuthorizationTo obtain an Authorization token, access the following URL:<Microservice Base URL>/api/authentication/token?secret=<SECRET>Note that if your route is using a self signed certificate, you will need to use the -k parameter with Curl to disable certificate validation.Substitute <SECRET> with the value for the JWT Token Key for the environment.  The token endpoint will only provide a token if the secret provided matches that in the application configuration.The lengthy string of characters at the start of the response is the token, followed by an expires declaration.  Copy the first string and use that as your token.### JWT AuthenticationThe micro service uses Json Web Token (JWT) authentication for the REST API server.JWT authentication is implemented using the "Authentication" header, consisting of "Bearer " plus the text of the token.To interact with a service using curl, specify the following command line:`curl --header "Authorization: Bearer <token>"` <rest of Curl command>Where token is a valid JWT token,  obtained through the Authorization endpoint.  Note that if you copy and paste the token from certain applications it may add Unicode characters; if you run into problems, copy from Notepad or another application that uses plaintext. ### Web based testing using "swagger"In DEV instances a web based user interface is provided that can be used for testing.  Change the URL to reference /swagger to access it.### DEFAULT SECRETS FOR DEVELOPMENT```{  "JWT_VALID_ISSUER": "http://127.0.0.1:8080",   "JWT_VALID_AUDIENCE":   "http://127.0.0.1:8080"    }```The above secrets are intended for **local development** only.  For Development purposes there is no authentication; this is controlled by not setting the environment value **JWT_TOKEN_KEY**